Our results showed reduced resting-sate functional connectivity from the caudal LPFC to the left AI and left IFG, pars opercularis. The caudal LPFC is confirmed to be a core region responsible for higher level manipulation in working memory processes. It has a working memory load-dependent effect in the meta-analysis (Rosttchy, 2012), whereas the rostral LPFC was not. This may indicate that the caudal LPFC was directly involved in manipulating the working memory storage. Another meta-analysis find evidence for the consistent activation of LPFC across different putative executive functions (Nee, 2013).  Another study (Barbalat, 2011) overserved impaired control from the left rostral LPFC to caudal LPFC in schizophrenia. Earlier study showed the activation in caudal LPFC regions negatively correlated with the disorganization syndrome score of patients (Barbalat, 2009). Although these findings are under the context of cognition control, there might be similar effect in working memory based on the fact that LPFC belong to a common network subserving a wide domain of cognitive tasks including working memory (Duncan, 2000). Our results support that there might me dysfunction in the caudal LPFC when processing working memory items. The impairment may propagate down to the other frontal areas in a hierarchical working memory network, as we found a reduced connectivity to the left AI and left IFG. The inferior frontal gyrus/anterior insula (IFG/AI) was suggested to be involved in elaborate attentional and working memory processing (Mattie Tops, 2011). Some evidence has suggested the IFG/AI might involve in cognitive control in working memory tasks. These ventral cortico-limbic control pathways that include the IFG/AI, may adapt to working memory context that differ in the level of predictability. Another within subject study find the left and right IFG showed a conjunction between working memory and inhibition tasks within subjects, which indicate some component of executive function may interactive with the working memory system in working memory tasks (MacNab, 2008). The fronto-opercular, intraparietal and anterior cingulate cortex may form a circuit for non-articulatory maintenance of phonological information (Henseler 2009). The anterior insula is closely associated with working memory processes in healthy participants and shows gray matter reduction in schizophrenia (Clos, 2014). Cortical thinning in inferior frontal and insular is related to dysfunctional brain activation/deactivation during working memory task in schizophrenic patients (Nuria Pujol, 2013). Another review give attention to the role of AI in switching between other large-scale networks to facilitate access to attention and working memory resources when a salient event is detected (Vinod Menon, 2010). The right IFG has been suggested to perform a general purpose inhibitory function, and is related to inhibition of irrelevant memory from entering WM (Anderson et al. 2004; Anderson and Levy 2009, Nee, 2013). In line with these existing findings, we suspect that the schizophrenia patients may lack the attention and the inhibition control ability to maintain and manipulating the working memory items while not disturbed by unrelated staff.

Apart from caudal LPFC, we also found connectivity reduction in the parietal lobe. The intraparietal sulcus (IPS), is a region known to be active during states of high attention to sensory stimulation or performance of attention-demanding tasks, the attention control network, or task positive network. It seems to be a spatial working memory specific region, however, evidence have showed it's anatomically organized in a topographic maps of multisensory attention (Jeffrey S. Anderson, 2010). The reduced connectivity between the IPS and bilateral IFG may indicate inefficiency in processing novel information in working memory.

Although there have been mounting evidence of altered LPFC connectivity with inferior parietal cortex, we did not detect a significant effect between the left caudal ROI and the IPS. 

The frontal-parietal working memory core networks

Working memory is the result of various combinations of processes, no processes (and correspondingly no brain structures) are unique or specific to working memory (Eriksson, 2015). Many brain regions interact during working memory, including "executive" regions in the PFC, parietal cortex, and basal ganglia, as well as regions specialized for processing the particular representations to be maintained, such as the fusiform face area for maintaining face information. Persistent neural activity in various brain regions accompanies working memory and is functionally necessary for maintenance and integration of information in working memory. 

The organization of human WM has long been the topic of psychological models (Atkinson and Shiffrin, 1968; Hebb, 1949), with maybe the most influential having been proposed by Baddeley and Hitch (1974). In Rottschy, 2012, the WM network was identified by functional neuroimaging using quantitative coordinate-based meta-analysis over almost 200 individual experiments. By pooling various working memory tasks, a main network was identified which mainly comprise the fronto-parietal network. By eliminating the effect of specific task designs and contrasts, a more restricted "core" network emerged from conjunctions analyses. A core network independently of the specific aspects and task features was identified using conjunction analysis. This network mainly comprise the dorsal area 44, anterior insula, (pre-)SMA and IPS. The dorsal areas 44/45 and the pre-SMA are part of the phonological loop, a subsystem that response for verbal working memory material maintenance. There has been evidence that the dorsal region of Broca's area is active only during the first part of the delay period, and is involved in the formation of an articulatory rehearsal program. Generally, the same brain regions dedicated to sensory processing are believed to store sensory information during delay periods and working-memory task performance. A conjunction of verbal vs. non-verbal material in Rottschy's study revealed that the BA44/45 area may also involve in non-verbal WM tasks, that it may not be a modality-specific area in working memory. The reduced functional connectivity may underpin the verbal working memory deficits in schizophrenia. The previous research has established that the PFC is causally involved in normal working memory functioning. However, there is yet no consensus on the details of the functional organization of the PFC. The absent of DLPFC, which is believed to an neuro agent for the central executive module in Baddeley and Hitch's model in Rottschy's core network, may be due to some working memory task requires little manipulation process of the memory content. In fact, the lateral PFC clusters in the main network was subdivided to two, that the abstraction level of goals and task rules are suggested to peak in rostral PFC and decrease to the caudal part. The caudal LPFC register a working memory load effect while the rostral part was not. A meta-analysis has find consistent activation in bilateral mid-ventrolateral prefrontal cortex or frontal operculum (BA45, 47) within N-back studies. (Owen, 2005) In this study, three subsets of the N-back tasks revealed similar activation pattern implicating prefrontal, premotor, and posterior parietal cortex, which suggested a core modality independent working memory network. The inhibitory processes appear to be mediated by area 45 (left lateral prefrontal structures) (Jonides, 1998) in working memory tasks.  For  example,  Owen, Petrides and their colleagues [6,7] proposed that the mid-ventrolateral region (Brodmann’s area [BA] 45/47) supports the organization of response sequences based on information  retrieved  from  posterior  areas,  whereas  the mid-dorsolateral  region  (BA 9/46) supports the active manipulation or monitoring of information within working memory (Patricia A Carpenter, 2000). 


Working memory impairment in Schizophrenia

A large amount of studies focused on working memory in schizophrenia, most of these are by using task fmri. The complex pattern of hyper- and hypoactivation consistently found across studies implies that rather than focusing on DLPFC dysregulation, researchers should consider the entire network of regions involved in a given task when making inferences about the biological mechanisms of schizophrenia (David C. Glahn, 2005). A PET study has found impaired interaction between right lateral prefrontal cortex and bilateral inferior parietal region in SZ patients compared with normal patients during working memory processing (Jae-Jin Kim, 2003). There has been research reporting the disconnection between ... A study confirmed decreased connectivity between R_IPL and R_VLPFC, which connection was associated with the task score/performance in visuospatial n-back task (Yann Quide,2013). Hao-Yang Tan, 2006 find a compensation role of ventral prefrontal areas to the dorsal prefrontal areas with the increase of working memory load in the high-and low-performing patient groups. They also find relatively greater connectivity between ventral prefrontal cortex and PPC in patients while comparison subjects had greater functional connectivity between the dorsal prefrontal cortex and posterior parietal cortex.(怎么说核心网络？) There are some evidence about the structure deficits in IFG and insular in relation to dysfunctional brain activation/deactivation during working memory task in schizophrenia patients (Nuria Pujol, 2013). Recently, a coordinate based meta anlysis confirmed that MFG(BA9), rIFG(BA44) showed decrease in neural activation of schizophrenia unaffected relatives while right frontopolar (BA10), and left IPL(BA40) and bilaterally thalamus showed increased activation , both during working memory tasks(Zhang R, 2016). 


As we considered, a single site imaging study may be biased by the scanner, imaging protocol, and clinical measures. To overcome these drawbacks, we acquired high quality fMRI data with common protocol across different sites from unique samples of schizophrenia patients with the same ethnic origin, as a potentially representative participant sample. The subjects are also recruited by the same criteria and the clinical scores are assessed by the standards. Despite these control measures, the data and the statistical results may be influenced by the differences in psychopathology, exposure to antipsychotic medication and the scanners used for image acquisitions across patients from different sites scanner type and some other potential effects. In order to assess the replication of the effects from the entire dataset within smaller subsets, Meta-analysis is used here to pooling results from single site and to increase the statistical power (J A. Turner, 2013, S G, Costafreda, 2009). To model/capture the heterogeneous induced by the different subjective recruitment strategies, cognitive paradigms, acquisition software and hardware, and the individual variance in coregistering to the template, we treat site factor as a random effect. By applying such multi-site experiment design and pooling strategy, we were able to, first, reduce the possibility of biased results in a single site and provide a reliable and generalized results; second, extract novel insights from existing large-scale datasets by increasing the statistical power; third, the sample we collected is a represented right-handed Han Chinese population which was collected from hospitals distributed across China.  

Resting state and working memory

The ability to predict task performance with resting state data is unproven. There are a few studies that investigate the relationship between rest signal and task state signal. In (M Hampson,2006), they foud performance on the working memory task was positively correlated with the strength of functional conneciton between the PCC and MFG/vACC, two regions with the Default mode network, both during the working memory and at rest. This study raise the possibility that the individual differences in coupling strength between these two regions at rest predict differences in cognitive abilities important for this working memory task. Another study showed fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuations (fALFF) at rest is correlated with domain and demand-specific working memory performance (van Dam, W.O, 2015). The other study found that smaller amplitudes of low-frequency BOLD oscillations during rest, measured by fALFF, were significantly associated with poorer cognitive performance, sometimes similarly in both groups and sometimes only in SZ, in regions known to subserve sustained attention and working memory. Taken together, these data suggest that the magnitude of resting-state BOLD oscillations shows promise as a biomarker of cognitive function in health and disease (Fryer SL, 2015). Some other studies provide evidence for a correlation between working memory performance and functinal network intergration on different levels of network organizaiton (Alavash, 2015).

There have been studies show strucute deficits associated with working memory performace which may be indicated that both task impairment and dysconnection in rest may have common bases in structure.


Limitations


The present findings must be considered with respect to serveral limitations. 
1 working memory 的复杂性，是否能单用core来衡量

Some researchers suspect that working memory is a distributed system rather than represented in a few isolated core areas. There's evidence showed that schizophrenia patients showed diffuse impaiment across brain. These phenomena lead to the possibility that the imparment in WM networks are also distributed within the WM networks. This may explain the difficuty in finding consistent results in imaging research. The bad behavior measure may be composite of weak effect of different regions within the networks. (但是不能解释不同中心的不同？) 
     
