Title: Network Trait marker for working memory deficit in Schizophrenia: a multi site study
Introduction

Working memory is typically defined as the ability to maintain and manipulate information over short periods of time. WM has been shown to be impaired in many neurological and psychiatric syndromes including Schizophrenia. It was thought to be tightly associated with cognitive deficits in Schizophrenia (Green 2000). This study may provide us with insight into the causes, progression and treatment of Schizophrenia. WM itself is a complex process which has been multidimensionally related to the psychosis. Thus, an examination of the underlying neurological mechanism provided us with insight into the causes, progression and even treatment of schizophrenia. Results in the previous studies have been equivocal, and replication of experiment is needed.Neuroimaging tools such as functional MRI has prove itself a potential technique to find the pathology of working memory impairment in schizophrenia whth a large body of work has demonstrated that such patients have abnormity charactered by imaging(Goldman-Rakic, 1991; Park and Holzman, 1992). These study may shed light on the treatment of Schizophrenia. Most of these studies focus on task related abnoraml activation or connectivity when patients perfrom a working memory task. However, there’s still no conclusions on the pathology of WM. This may be due to the heterogeneous configurations of tasks and the small sample sizes of the most imaging studies. However, seldomly researchers have pay attention to the abnormalty which might occur to the resting state fmri of the patients.  To overcome this, we assess the resting connectivity of core WM netwroks in a muti-site study framework. Such experiment configuration would help to find stable trait impairment in Schizophrenia, desregarding their age,sex, disease progress etc(不对). To make our study powerful and reliable, we collect a large cohort of patients from seven hospitals across China.  

There has been abundant imaging studies on WM deficits in Schizophrenia, but the differences among the tasks and material make it difficult to make a conclusion. Some studies have found evidence for different patterns of functional connectivity during different working memory task conditions (e.g., as a function of load, stimulus type, or task phase). Such findings suggest that functional connectivity changes could reflect differences in task engagement or responsivity of brain networks to modulation,rather than stable changes that persist across all task states. On the other hand, working memory itself is a complex system which consist of different components. It is widely agreed that WM involves several different component processes. One popular and original model of WM is a system encoding and maintaining modality-specific short-term memory and central executive component to manipulate the information.(能否放到前面？) Some studies have found both impairments in the modality-specific perception component and the later manipulation component. There have been evidence of multi-modality deficits: visual spatial, visual object, verbal, and other types of working memory. Recent study also found different modality based working memory measure were correlated with spontaneous low-frequency fluctuations at rest in differetn areas (Wessel O. van Dam, 2015). Another study found the intrisic MPFC-DLPFC anticorrelations are related to hehavioral measures of WM capacity while these anticorrelations and the behavvioral measures are attenuated in the older adults(relationship exists between variation in WM capacity and the intrinsic functional architecture of the human brain as measeured by resting-state functional connectivity)(Joseph B.Keller,2015). Zou (2012) found that resting-state activity can predict subsequent task-evoked brain responses and behavioral performance. In a recent meta analysis, the author draw attention to a consistent and restricted "core network" emerged from conjunctions across analyses of specific task designs and contrasts. This distributed network was believed to be active in WM task ignoring the task type , stimulus type and WM load and may be act as a base part in WM. We restrict our analysis in these core networks.

Schizophrenia has often been conceived as a disorder of connectivity between components of large-scale brain networks(Lynall, 2010). A growing number of studies have reported altered functional connectivity in schizophrenia during putatively “task-free” states and during the performance of cognitive tasks. (Grega Repovs 2012)  A few studies has focused on the relationship between WM impairment and disturbed functional connectivity both in the resting state and under various task. The connectivity could be modulated by the task demands. Some imagining studies reporting altered patterns of interregional functional connectivity in patients with schizophrenia during working memory task performance (Meyer-Lindenberg et al., 2001; Quintana et al., 2003; Schlosser et al., 2003a; Whalley et al., 2005). However, seldomly studies have investigate the functional connectivity in resting state. Connectivity within the DMN and FP have been found significantly different between resting state and 0-back, and was further modulated by memory load. (Grega Repovs 2012) Yet most of the existing find are during working memory tasks, we are still eager to find wheather we could detect functional connectivity impairments in resting state, which may be a potential trait marker of WM impairment in schizophrenia patients.

补一段

Materials and methods 
subjects 

The resting state fMRI data presented here was collected from six hospitals in China which participated in the Brainnetome Project for Schizophrenia. The six hospitals are Peking University Sixth Hospital (PKUH6); Beijing Huilongguan Hospital (HLG); Xijing Hospital (XJ); Henan Mental Hospital (HM);  Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University (RWU); and Zhumadian Psychiatric Hospital (ZMD). Henan Mental Hospital provided two distinct MRI scanners: Siemens (HMS) and General Electric (HMG), for a total of eight scanning centers. Patients and controls are matched as much as possible for age, sex, handedness, and race distributions within each site. The study at each center was approved by the local ethical review board. All the participants provided written informed consent.

All patients had a diagnosis of schizophrenia confirmed by trained psychiatrists using the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV-TR Axis I Disorders (SCID-I/P). (First et al., 2002b). Exclusion criteria were a current neurologic disorder, a history of serious medical illness, substance dependence, pregnancy, electroconvulsive therapy within the last six months, or a diagnosis of any other Axis I disorder. The Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS)  (Kay et al., 1989) was used to assess positive, negative, and general psychopathology symptoms in the patients. The healthy controls, who had no current axis I psychiatric disorders, were recruited from the local community near each center through advertisements. None of the HCs had any personal history of psychotic illness and no family history of psychosis in their first, second, or third degree relatives. All the participants were Han Chinese in origin, right-handed, and had no contraindications to MRI scanning. After extensive quality checking of the brain imaging data, 662 patients and 613 HCs were included in the analysis.
 

Data acquisition and preprocessing
 
 
Two types of 3T MRI scanners (four Siemens, three General Electric) were used at the participating centers (details in table #). To ensure equivalent data acquisition protocol and high quality imaging data, the scanning parameters of the functional scans at each of the six centers were set up by an experienced researcher before data acquisition. An echo planar imaging sequence was used to obtain the functional images, the parameters were as follows: 30 axial slices, TR = 2000 ms, TE = 30 ms, matrix = 64 × 64, flip angle = 90°, FOV = 240*240 mm 2, slice thickness = 4 mm, gap = 0.4 mm. A total of 250 brain volumes were collected, resulting in a total scan time of 500s. The MRI scan sequences and parameters for each center are listed in eTable 1. To be noticed, the time point number of the images from ZMD is 180 and is different from the 240 of the other sites. We did not exclude this site since we are eager to keep as much data and sites as possible, to support the validation of the multi-site analysis. The multi-site statisical stratergy we used is robust to various of volum numbers in different sites.    

%时间校正，头动校正，配准，降噪，滤波，空间平滑

The iamges were preprocessed with a based in-house software: Brainnetome Toolkit which utilized Statistical Parametric Mapping SPM8 (http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm). The pipeline includes the following steps: The first ten images were deleted for the signal equilibration. The remaining iamges were conducted for slice acquisition correction and head motion correction.  The fMRI data which had
less than 3.0mm of head motion and 3.0° of angular rotation were included.  Moreover, the mean frame-wise displacement (FD) was computed by averaging FD_i from every time point for each subject. There were no differences for the mean FD between groups ( t = 0.413, p = 0.682) (Table 1). Then the fMRI images were normalized to the standard Montreal Neurological Institute (MNI) template provided by SPM and resample to the 3-mm isotropic voxels. Artefacts due to changes in global, ventricle and white matter signals, residual motion were removed using voxel-wise regression. A temporal filter (0.01 Hz < f < 0.08 Hz) were used to reduce the low-frequency drift and physiological high frequency respiratory and cardiac noise. Finally, the data was smoothed with an isotropic Gaussian kernel of 6 mm full-width at half-maximum. 

Functional connectivity analysis

Regions of interest (ROIs)

The ROIs in this study were extracted from a previous meta analysis by Simon, in which they find regions that commonly acvite during various working memory tasks. A consistent and restricted "core" network emerged from conjunctions across analyses of specific task designs and contrasts: task effects for n-back and Sternberg tasks, verbal and non-verbal tasks, load effects and all three task components (encoding, maintenance, recall). These regions includs dosal area 44 , anterior insula, (pre-) SMA, and IPS, bilaterally. The peak coordinates are listed in table #. A 5mm radis sphrere ROIs are created form these peak coordinates in MNI standard space.


fcMRI Analyses

To perform the fcMRI analyses, time series from the resting-state scan were extracted by averaging the time series of all voxels in each ROI. The resulting time series of each ROI were then entered into the following connectivity analyses. The Pearson (full) correlation coefficient was used to estimate functional connectivity between each pair of time series. A Fisher Z transform was applied to transform from pearson r to z scores.



Statistical analysis

Group differences in the basic demographics at each center were examined with two-tailed t-tests and chi-square tests using PASW Statistics 18.0.

For every single site separately, the diagnose effect on each FC value was assessed using a two-sample t-test comparing images between SZ and NC from each site. A second level random effects meta analysis was used to pooling the single site statistics, in order to assess the replication of the effects from the entire dataset. The effect sizes were calculated using Hedge’s g, which provides an unbiased standardized mean difference that incorporates a correction for small sample sizes. Hedge’s g was calculated using each center’s t-statistic and the corresponding sample size. All significance thresholds were set to p < 0.001 FDR-corrected for multiple comparison. The meta-analysis was conducted in R with meta-for packages.

We then performed association analysis for those fc connectivities that passed the significant test. We then examined the relationship between FC values of those that passed the significant test and demographic variables in patients. Linear regression was then conducted to determine a possible association between those significantly FC connectivity and clinical scores including (PANSS positive , PANSS negative, PANSS general and PANSS total). These analyses are conducted both separately in each site and in the whole data. In whole data analysis, the site factor was included in the GLM model. An additional analyses were also performed with covariate of age and sex.


Results

Demographics and clinical data

Sociodemographic and psychopathological data are presented by center in Table 1. No statistically significant differences in age and sex were noted between the schizophrenia patients and HCs at each center. The patients had significantly fewer years of education than the HCs in six out of eight centers.

Group comparisons of FC connectivities at each center

Mixed effect multicenter analysis

Compared to the normal group, four FC connectivities was reduced in the patients: they are the connection between the left IFG/caudal lateral prefrontal gyrus and the left anterior insula, Left IFG/caudal lateral prefrontal gyrus and the Left inferior frontal gyrus pars opercularis, Right intraparietal sulcus and the Left inferior frontal gyrus pars opercularis, Right intraparietal sulcus and the Right inferior frontal gyrus pars opercularis. No functional connectivity was detected with a enhanced effect in the patients group.  

Association analysis

We did not find any association between the FC and the clinical scores.

结果似乎过于简单

Discussion

In the present study, using data from seven different hospital sites, we investigate functional connectivity within the pre-defined working memory network in schzophrenia patients compared with normal patitents. We did found resting-state connectivity of four pairs of FC were reduced in patients, which is replicated across the sites, indicating that FC impairment within the core WM network might be a biomarker for the WM impairment in schzophrenia patients.   

Working memory networks

Working memory is the result of various combinations of processes, no processes (and correspondingly no brain structures)are unique or specific to working memory(Eriksson, 2015). Many brain regions interact during working memory, including "executive" regions in the PFC, parietal cortex, and basal ganglia, as well as regions specialized for processing the particular representations to be maintained, such as the fusiform face area for maintaining face information. Persistent neural activity in various brain regions accompanies working memory and is functionally necessary for maintenance and integration of information in working memory.

The core regions in our study, are regions responsble for higher level manipulation in working memory process. Since, during rest, in which case no outside stimulation enter into the brain , we suppose that if we could find any impairment , they might be more in relate to the core regions rather than some modality specific periphery components. The results confirmed our hyposethes. Evidence have acumulated that the LPFC can be corselly divided into two sub component. The left IFG/caudal lateral prefrontal gyrus, showed a load-dependent effects in the meta analysis. This region is to some extend belong to a generic 'DLPFC', which was regared as a core region in WM and other cognition functions in human brain. A recent study (Barbalat,2011) oberserved impaired control from the left rostral LPFC to caudal LPFC in schizophrenia. Ealier study showed the activation in caudal LPFC regions negatively correlated with the disorganization syndrome score of patients(Barbalat, 2009). Although these findings are under the context of congnition control, there might be similar effect in working memory, since theres regions belong to a common subserving a wide domain of cognitive tasks, (Duncan, ?) If this is the truth, there might be dysfunction in the caudal LPFC when processing working memory items. The impaiment may propagate down to the other areas in a hierarchical working memory network. In support of this, we find a reduction in the FC between caudal LPFC to two areas located in the left anteior insula and the left inferior frontal gyrus pars opercularis. The impariment between caudal LPFC and lAI function connectivity may indicate that the abnormal depolyment during the process when the cuadal LPFC are manupalting the working memory items thus will lead to poor performance in working memory tasks.   
 
 Although there have been mouting evidence of altered LPFC connnectivity with inferior parietal cortex, we did not detect a significant effect between the left caudal ROI and the IPS. 
 
 
The organization of human WM has long been the topic of psychological models (Atkinson and Shiffrin, 1968; Hebb, 1949), with maybe the most influential having been proposed by Baddeley and Hitch (1974). In Rottschy,2012, the WM network was identified by functional neuroimaging using quantiattive coordiante-based meta-analysis over almost 200 individual experiments. By pooling various working memory tasks, a main network was identified which mainly comprise the fronto-parietal network. By eliminating the effect of specific task designs and contrasts, a more restricted "core" network emerged from conjunctions analyses. A core network independently of the specific aspects and task features was identified using conjunction analysis. This network mainly comprise the dorsal area 44, anterior insula, (pre-)SMA and IPS. The dorsal areas 44/45 and the pre-SMA are part of the phonological loop, a subsystem that response for verbal working memory material maintenance. There has been evidence that the dorsal region of Broca's area is active only during the first part of the delay period, and is involved in the formation of an articulatory rehearsal program. Generally, the same brain regions dedicated to sensory processing are believed to store sensory information during delay periods and working-memory task performance. A conjunction of verbal vs. non-verbal material in Rottschy's study revealed that the BA44/45 area may also involed in non-verbal WM tasks, that it may not be a modality-specific area in working memory. The reduced functional connectivity may underpin the verbal working memory deficits in schizophrenia. The previous research has established that the PFC is causally involved in normal working memory functioning. However, there is yet no consensus on the details of the functional organization of the PFC. The absent of DLPFC, which is believed to an neuro agent for the central executve module in Baddeley and Hitch's model in Rottschy's core network, may be due to some working memory task requires little manipulation process of the memory content. In fact, the lateral PFC clusters in the main network was subdivided to two, that the abstraction level of goals and task rules are suggested to peak in rostral PFC and decrease to the caudal part. The caudal LPFC register a working memory load effect while the rostral part was not. A meta analysis has find consistent activation in bilateral mid-ventrolateral prefrontal coretex or frontal operculum(BA45,47) whin N-back studies. (Owen, 2005) In this study, three subsets of the N-back tasks revealed similar activation pattern implicating prefrontal, premotor, and posterior parietal cortex, which suggested a core modality independent working memory network. The inhibitory processes apear to be mediated by area 45 (left lateral prefrontal structures) (Jonides,1998) in working memory tasks.  For  example,  Owen,Petrides and their colleagues [6,7] proposed that the mid-ventrolateral region (Brodmann’s area [BA] 45/47) supports the organization of response sequences based on information  retrieved  from  posterior  areas,  whereas  the mid-dorsolateral  region  (BA 9/46)  supports  the  active manipulation or monitoring of information within working memory(Patricia A Carpenter, 2000).  

The inferior frontal gyrus/anterior insula(IFG/AI) was suggested to be involved in elaborate attentional and working memory processing,  (Mattie Tops,2011). Some evidence has suggsted the IFG/AI might involved in cognitive control in working memory tasks. These ventral cortico-limbic control pathways that include the IFG/AI , may adapt to working memory context that differ in the level of predictability. Anohter within subject study find the left and right IFG showed a conjunction between working memory and inhibition tasks within subjects, which indicate some component of excutive function may interactivate with the working memory systerm in working memory tasks (MacNab, 2008). The fronto-opercular, intraparietal and anteriro cingulate cortex may form a circuit for non-articulatory maintenance of phonological information(Henseler 2009).  

The anterior insula is closely associated with working memory processes in healthy participants and shows gray matter reduction in schizophrenia (Clos, 2014). Cortical thining in inferior frontal and insular is related to dysfunctional brain actvation/deactivation during working memory task in schizophrenic patients (Nuria Pujol, 2013). Another review give attention to the role of AI in switching between other large-scale networks to facilitate access to attention and working memory resources when a salient event is detected (Vinod Menon, 2010). One study has reveal the possiblility of IPS response for manipulation the information in verbal working memory, yet there has been not evidence in other modality. Yet this area is also involved in spatial working memory. The PPC is also considered to be involved in maintenance of information, however, the considerable variability in the location of the parietal peaks make it hard to have a conclusion.

Working memory impairment in Schizophrenia

A large amount of studies focused on working memory in schizophrenia, most of these are by using task fmri.  The complex pattern of hyper- and hypoactivation consistently found across studies implies that rather than focusing on DLPFC dysregulation, researchers should consider the entire network of regions involved in a given task when making inferences about the biological mechanisms of schizophrenia (David C. Glahn, 2005). A PET study has found impaired interaction between right lateral prefrontal cortex and bilateral inferior parietal region in SZ patients compared with normal patients during working memory processing(Jae-Jin Kim, 2003). There has been research reporting the disconneciton between ... A study confirmed decreased connectivity between R_IPL and R_VLPFC, which connection was associated with the task score/performance in visuospatial n-back task (Yann Quide,2013). Hao-Yang Tan,2006 find a compensation role of ventral prefrontal areas to the dorsal prefrontal areas with the increase of working memory load in teh high-and low-performing patient groups. They also find relatively greater connectivity between ventral prefrontal cortex and PPC in patients while comparison subjects had greater functional connectivity between the dorsal prefrontal cortex and posterior parietal cortex.(怎么说核心网络？) There are some evidence about the structure deficits in IFG and insular in relation to dysfuncitonal brain activation/deactivation during working memory task in schizophrenia patients (Nuria Pujol, 2013). Recently, a coordinate based meta anlysis confirmed that MFG(BA9), rIFG(BA44) showed decrease in neural activation of schizophrenia unaffected relatives while right frontopolar (BA10), and left  IPL(BA40) and bilaterally thalamus showed incresed activation , both during woring memory taskes(Zhang R, 2016). 


As we considered, a single site imaging study may be biased by the scanner, imaging protocol, and clinical measures. To overcome these drawbacks, we acquired high quality fMRI data with common protocal across different sites from unique samples of schizophrenia patients with the same ethinic origin, as a potentially representative participant sample. The subjects are also recruited by the same critiria and the clinical scores are assessed by the stardards. Despite these control measures, the data and the statistical results may be influenced by the differences in psychopathology, exposuer to antipsoychotic medication andf the scanners used for iamge acquisitions across patients from different sites scanner type and some other potential effects. In order to assess the replication of the effects from the entire dataset within smaller subsets, Meta-analysis is used here to pooling resutls from single site and to increase the statistical power (J A. Turner, 2013, S G, Costafreda, 2009). To model/capture the heterogeneous induced by the different subjective recruitment strategies, cognitive paradigms, acquistion software and hardware, and the individial variance in coregistering to the template, we treat site factor as a random effect. By applying such multi-site experiment design and pooling stratergy, we were able to, first, reduce the possibility of biased results in a single site and provide a reliable and generalized results; second, extract novel insights from existing large-scale datasets by increasing the statistical power; thied ,the sample we collected is a representive righthanded Han chinese population which was collected from hospitals distributed across China.  

resting state and working memory

The ability to predict task performance with resting state data is unprooven. There are a few studies that investigate the relationship between rest signal and task state signal. In (M Hampson,2006), they foud performance on the working memory task was positively correlated with the strength of functional conneciton between the PCC and MFG/vACC, two regions with the Default mode network, both during the working memory and at rest. This study raise the possibility that the individual differences in coupling strength between these two regions at rest predict differences in cognitive abilities important for this working memory task. Another study showed fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuations (fALFF) at rest is correlated with domain and demand-specific working memory performance (van Dam, W.O, 2015). The other study found that smaller amplitudes of low-frequency BOLD oscillations during rest, measured by fALFF, were significantly associated with poorer cognitive performance, sometimes similarly in both groups and sometimes only in SZ, in regions known to subserve sustained attention and working memory. Taken together, these data suggest that the magnitude of resting-state BOLD oscillations shows promise as a biomarker of cognitive function in health and disease (Fryer SL, 2015). Some other studies provide evidence for a correlation between working memory performance and functinal network intergration on different levels of network organizaiton (Alavash, 2015).

There have been studies show strucute deficits associated with working memory performace which may be indicated that both task impairment and dysconnection in rest may have common bases in structure.


Limitations


The present findings must be considered with respect to serveral limitations. 
1 working memory 的复杂性，是否能单用core来衡量

Some researchers suspect that working memory is a distributed system rather than represented in a few isolated core areas. There's evidence showed that schizophrenia patients showed diffuse impaiment across brain. These phenomena lead to the possibility that the imparment in WM networks are also distributed within the WM networks. This may explain the difficuty in finding consistent results in imaging research. The bad behavior measure may be composite of weak effect of different regions within the networks. (但是不能解释不同中心的不同？) 

   